pick up there I just got new pickups put
in them they give you a really nice
sixties sound and they are a load better
than these stock pickups that came with
this Jaguar but once that came with it
just sound really it sounded really thin
and just not good and this is a huge
step up I'm gonna do review like going
through all the pickup selections so you
can get an idea of what it sounds like
so first I'll just play you guys like an
open chord I need to pick up
here's nice look for you on each pick up
beyond the Bridget first
here's some distortion with the pickups
I've got a rock box boiling point as
like the overdrive distortion here's the
sounds really good definitely something
you